Minor GSG tweaks (#35885)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/getting_started/index.rst

              python3-dev python3-pip python3-setuptools python3-tk python3-wheel xz-utils file \
              make gcc gcc-multilib g++-multilib libsdl2-dev

      #. Verify the versions of the main dependencies installed on your system by entering::

            cmake --version
            python3 --version
            dtc --version

>          And check those against the table in the beginning of this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Check those against the versions in the table in the beginning of this section.
```

>          Refer to :ref:`installation_linux` page for additional info on updating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Refer to the :ref:`installation_linux` page for additional information on updating
```
